---
title: "2024 Pirate Race"
date: 2024-07-19
description: "If ye dare to join this year's Pirate Race, set yer course for 61.5°N, -149.9°W (ASC) on the twenty-seventh day of July. Be ready to hear the rules at 1300 hour"
tags:
  - club
  - racing
---
If ye dare to join this year’s Pirate Race, set yer course for 61.5°N, -149.9°W (ASC) on the twenty-seventh day of July. Be ready to hear the rules at 1300 hours, for I’ll be tellin’ them but once.

***The pirate race will take place at 1pm on Saturday, July 27th at the Alaska Sailing Club. Please have boats in the water and be ready to go before then!***

Ahoy me hearties, sailors, pirates, and swashbucklin' adventurers!

I be in a right pickle, I am! Me ankle's gone and snapped like a rotten yardarm in a storm, leaving me and me crew marooned at the worst possible time! Arr!

We recently received the inside scoop on a stash o' the finest treasure ye ever laid eyes on. But alas! With me leg in a splint and me spirit unwilling to let such finery slip through me fingers, why not give me ol' "friends" a chance to claim it?

Now don't be thinkin' I've gone soft! I've crafted a little game for ye, and I hope yer ready to puzzle it out with yer trusty crew.

**If ye dare to join, set yer course for 61.5°N, -149.9°W on the twenty-seventh day of July. Be ready to hear the rules at 1300 hours, for I'll be tellin' them but once.**

NOTE! *If ye win, yer crew DOES NOT (necessarily) have to plan next year's pirate race.**

#### A taste o' the bounty up fer grabs:

- A free sailing class (or membership) to use or gift within the next year (expires at the end of the 2025 sailing season)

- First pick of the ASC boat fleet for next year's pirate race

- A shiny $100 voucher to West Marine

#### Some additional tidbits fer ye:

- We'll be havin' a pirate themed potluck after the race!

- Extra prizes for the best dressed pirate!

- Earn a bonus treasure point if ye regale us with yer best pirate story or joke.

#### Specific Race Rules

- No capsizing

- No Pedal Drives

- Teams limited to 5 sailors per boat

So, me fellow pirates, are ye ready to rise to the occasion?

Fair winds and followin' seas,

~The Dread Pirate Hannah, Fair Lady Fancy Nancy, and Cap'n Darren “RedBeard” Black

***** The next pirate race planner will be chosen via lottery. Aye, there be a way to wiggle your way out of the drawing, but I ain't spillin' the beans until the day o' the race.
